Clarify JS API docs (IP-9077) (#41)
iPaper/ipaper.github.io: pages/display-javascript-api--quick-start.md

## Setup

> A Display instance and its CTA button can only be shown on pages that has the Display JavaScript API embedded. The Display API embed script will look something like this, with `<YourApiKey>` being substitued with partner and license-dependent configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Display instance and its CTA button can only be shown on pages that has the Display JavaScript API embedded. The Display API embed script will look something like this, with `<YourApiKey>` being substituted with your license API key:
```
